---
layout: post
title:  "Reinforcement Learning"
crawlertitle: "reading"
date: 2017-05-20
categories: posts
tags: 'research'
author: chunheng
---
1. Book and Research Paper:
  - Sutton, R. S. and Barto, A. G. (1998). Reinforcement learning: An introduction. 1998. A Bradford Book.
  - Mnih, V., Kavukcuoglu, K., Silver, D., Graves, A., Antonoglou, I., Wierstra, D., and Riedmiller, M. (2013). Playing atari with deep reinforcement learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1312.5602.
  - Mnih, V., Kavukcuoglu, K., Silver, D., Rusu, A. A., Veness, J., Bellemare, M. G., Graves, A., Riedmiller, M., Fidjeland, A. K., Ostrovski, G., et al. (2015). Human-level control through deep reinforcement learning. Nature, 518(7540):529–533.
  - Silver, D., Lever, G., Heess, N., Degris, T., Wierstra, D., and Riedmiller, M. (2014). Deter- ministic policy gradient algorithms. In Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML-14), pages 387–395.
  - Silver, D., Huang, A., Maddison, C. J., Guez, A., Sifre, L., Van Den Driessche, G., Schrit- twieser, J., Antonoglou, I., Panneershelvam, V., Lanctot, M., et al. (2016). Mastering the game of go with deep neural networks and tree search. Nature, 529(7587):484–489.
  - van Hasselt, H. P., Guez, A., Hessel, M., Mnih, V., and Silver, D. (2016). Learning values across many orders of magnitude. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, pages 4287–4295.
  - Salimans, T., Ho, J., Chen, X., and Sutskever, I. (2017). Evolution strategies as a scalable alternative to reinforcement learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1703.03864.
  - Pan, Sinno Jialin, and Qiang Yang. "A survey on transfer learning." IEEE Transactions on knowledge and data engineering 22.10 (2010): 1345-1359.
